PEP 825: gather the consistency requirements into one section (#76)
wheelnext/peps: peps/pep-0825.rst

    }

Metadata consistency
--------------------

The `variant metadata`_ carried by the individual variant wheels of a
package version, and the `index-level metadata`_ file where one is
published, all describe the same release, and are required to agree with
one another. Gathered in one place, and stated in full in the sections
defining the respective keys, the requirements are:

- ``default-priorities.namespace``: the lists MUST either be identical,
  or the longer MUST start with the elements of the shorter one, in the
  same order. Combining them MUST yield the longer list.

- ``variants``: a variant label occurring in more than one of them MUST

>   map to the same properties in each. Combining them MUST yield the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``variants``: the same variant label MUST always map to the same set
  of properties. Combining them MUST yield the
```

The original reads really roundabout and was confusing to me.
